hi this is our triple want one said I'm
going to do an on toy story to do so the
toy story button and get like soldiers
disney pixar toys them death certificate
of authenticity well right in there john
lasseter signed it and little golden
thing on it shows that from toys over so
yet toys the way back in soldiers of you
aren't right for sell you those soldiers
you get that person this was done down
and purpose who's gone up and leave this
guy is um you have to like unfold their
parachute then fold it up and do like a
rocket shape wrap around the ring around
it and then throw them so they get
distance and their parachute will
activate that's how you do it that's how
I do it doesn't have like an instruction
manual see it tisk it Oh decoration
couple of soldiers in the background
sync way toys and then it has like and
the same thing is on this side and then
it says 72 yeah morning
bucket old soldiers yeah that's right
yes but I seriously and then the types
of guys strip you get 10 different types
and then seven of each type so yeah get
this guy mine detector yeah pretty cool
then you get Sarge and you get just a
guy just going he's like standing by
ready for any danger
sniper and you got a bazooka like a
killing Sarge going just soon yeah i got
this is machine gun rifle on it's me
just like the bazooka his army get three
viewable around Ernie next Giada guy
loading his mortar yes another mortar
rocket in his hand some people say yes
to but he only has one he's too in both
hands but one in the other hand see ya
they'll have little circles on their
backs if you can see that yeah guy he's
these guys when you're in the army and
you had to go and why you can't have two
giant get what cuz all the good part
that's what so get the hold your gun on
your head so it's like here at being
water you know I don't know if you
should put these days and water
publishing take it on what and then you
got a guy shooting up in the air oh yeah
that's it
so yeah please rate comment and
subscribe good bye